---
layout: post
author: 0xKR34M
---
<p>Redteaming is somewhat an interesting concept, sadly it's not like the movies where you're rapelling down the side of a building whilst a sexy brunette distracts security by averting their gaze from the camera as you steal the magic diamond from the big bad evil guy at least, it's not like that in the UK.</p>
<p><b>Disclaimer:</b> <i>The following is <u>MY</u> experience of red teaming thus far, I am not a senior red teamer merely a junior, with the training wheels still on.</i></p>
<p>Redteaming by definition is <i>"Challenging plans, policies, systems, and assumptions by adopting an adversarial approach."</i> - TechTarget.com full article <a href="https://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/red-teaming">HERE</a></p>
<p>So by that definition, my job, as a red team member is to actively seek to challenge and ultimately attack policies of my clients, whether that be testing their front door security to finding ways to sneak in, my job is to compromise their security in a legal and ethical way defined by the scope that they set out.</p>
<h3>Why the British perspective? Surely it's no different from any other perspective?</h3>
<p>Ultimately, because cultures are different, British culture is quite different from American culture, we'll openly insult each other with nasty comments and call it banter. British culture is being drunk at 3am on a Thursday night singing random songs with a group of strangers as you walk through the streets on your way home. Slapping your knee and saying <i>right</i> and then trying to leave but staying for another hour unable to escape.</p>
<p>British culture requires you to call people mate, even if you do not know them, but this is all fine in a relaxed setting, what happens when you drop a Social Engineer into a workplace full of British Culture?</p>
<p>First of all, you realise just how trusting brits are, as a whole, providing you meet the requirements.</p>
